CHRISTABELLE FREDDA THEVANDI
HP: (+65) 84587320  Email: christabelle.ft@gmail.com

EDUCATION
National University of Singapore                                         Aug 2019 – May 2023 (Expected)
Bachelor of Computing (Information Systems)
  Specialization in Digital Product and Platform Management
  Minor in Interactive Media Development
  Certificate of Merit in ICT Solutioning Knowledge Area (2022)
  Certificate of Merit in Business Innovation Knowledge Area (2023)
  Interest course (ongoing): Interaction Design in AR/VR, Cloud Service and Infrastructure Management,
  Digital Business and the Metaverse

TECHNICAL SKILLS
  Programming language: Java, Javascript, Python (basic)
  Database and backend development: Java EE, Node JS, Express JS, MySQL, PostgreSQL, Firebase
  Frontend development: HTML, CSS, React JS, Angular JS, Ionic, Figma

WORK EXPERIENCE
Singapore Airlines, Frontend Software Engineer Intern, Singapore         Jan 2022 - Jun 2022
  Developed frontend web application of automated line scenario generator for flight training simulation with React JS.
  Set up global Redux to centralize and improve state management of application.
  Collaborated in an Agile environment with JIRA stories documentation and Scrum events.

Outside Technologies, Software Engineer Intern, Singapore               May 2021 - Oct 2021
  Built components and pages for frontend website development using React JS given supplied UI design.
  Learned in-line CSS styling to create customized components.
  Generated Firebase functions based on business logic to support new business functions.

PROJECTS
Connexa, IT Innovation Analyst, UI/UX Designer, Singapore               Aug 2022 - Nov 2022
  Innovated an AI-enabled sport matchmaker to improve users' skill assessment accuracy.
  Performed detailed market research, financial, business model, and roadmap planning for 5 months of development.
  Designed overall theme and 60% of mobile application features with use of Figma.

WeCare, Full-Stack Developer, Technical Lead, Singapore                  Aug 2021 - Nov 2021
  Built a global distribution system for COVID-19 quarantine management involving 3 websites and 1 mobile application.
  Created REST APIs to transfer and collate room data from mockup hotel system to application.
  Maintained code and repository quality and assisted team-mates in technical problems as a technical lead.
  Achieved 1st place in NUS STePs (IS4301 module).

MeetUp VR, UI Designer, Singapore                                        Oct 2021
  Designed an online office communication platform in virtual reality space using Figma.
  Implemented 4 high fidelity prototypes using virtual and augmented reality elements.

ASKookie, Fullstack Developer, Singapore                                 May 2020 - Aug 2020
  Built a web application forum for NUS students and staff through Node JS, Express JS, and React JS.
  Studied and developed database structure using MySQL.
  Implemented social media features using React JS to improve social engagement.
  Achieved Apollo (Distinction) Award in NUS Orbital.

ORGANIZATION
Chairperson, NUSSU Committee of Information and Technology, Singapore    Aug 2020 - Present
  Lead and manage 6 teams with 75 members from different backgrounds and nationalities.
  Organized and supervised 3 yearly flagship events for NUS society.
  Served as Training team and Training Director for 2 years to provide 9 yearly workshops on Excel, Python,
  Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator, and Premiere Pro with average rating 4.5.
